Add JIRAv2 ability to fetch with created time (#12721)
demisto/content: Packs/Jira/ReleaseNotes/1_3_3.md

#### Integrations
##### Atlassian Jira v2

> - Fixed an issue where fetch incidents stopped when last issue that was fetched is deleted in jira or moved to a different project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***fetch-incidents*** would stop when the last issue that was fetched had been deleted or moved to a different project in Jira.
```
